title    : foxy's airquake canyons
filename : airfox.zip
date     : 97/12/1
author   : martin fuchs (gibs you as foxy)

email    : fuchs@physik.fu-berlin.de

what is this? : a deathmatch/teamplay level for AIRQUAKE
                (get airquake from http://www.planetquake.com/ikq/airquake.htm)

credits  : id for quake
           iikka ker"anen for airquake and the iklite util
           trey harrison and chris carollo for quest (YES!!!)
           yahn bernier for bsp (actually for the merge-brush feature of bsp :)

type of mod
-----------
bsp      : yes
map      : no   (mail to me if you want it)
quake c  : no
sound    : no
mdl      : no

map info
--------
single player           : yes
coop                    : yes
deathmatch/teamplay     : yes (2x8 starts)
base                    : new level from scratch
editors used            : quest, bsp (brush-merging),
                          (corrected 2 textures with worldcraft ;)


description
-----------
you're stationed in a secret base somewhere deep in canyonland. you're testing
new planes and a new combat coordinating computer mainframe system.

this is actually a fun thing to do. now here's the bad surprise: news are in
that the second base close by has been overtaken by a bunch of bad guys (might
be bad girls, details are unknown ;) and reprogrammed.

it's your job now to make sure that the 2nd mainframe gets destroyed before they
can bring it back to whoever pays them. try to capture their lead officer and
bring him (or her) back to home base.

in deathmatch the 2 bases are for teams 1 and 2. base 1 is in the cave in the
canyon wall, base 2 in the underground bunker. i hope that none has a heavy
advantage. i'll need deathmatch input on that though.

there are two elevators and a moving platform for the ground vehicles. be
careful with the hovercraft on these. if you slide off them you might get
hurt. maybe reduce throttle when you're on them. to open doors and activate
elevators you have to shoot the brown/yellow plates. in the underground
base if you start an airplane do so when almost taking off. again, i'd like
input on if this works well for you (it does for me...).

how to install the addon
------------------------

* unzip the file into a quake\airquake\maps directory.
* now run quake with 'quake -game airquake +map airfox' from the command
  line.

copyright and distribution mambo jambo
--------------------------------------
as this is a map for airquake, check the airquake site for copyright stuff
(i'm using his entities). don't make money with this. if you want to
distribute it in electronic format, keep the zip file intact, including this
.txt file and notify me.

